Peter Pan by J. M. Barrie

"Peter and Wendy" by J.M. Barrie is a classic children's novel first published in the early 20th century. The story revolves around the beloved character Peter Pan and follows his adventures in the fantastical Neverland, along with a young girl named Wendy Darling and her brothers, John and Michael. The themes of childhood, innocence, and the challenges of growing up are prevalent throughout the narrative. At the start of the story, we...Read Moreare introduced to the Darling family and their idyllic life in London. Wendy, the eldest child, grapples with the idea of growing up while her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Darling, navigate the challenges of parenthood. As the narrative unfolds, Peter Pan breaks into their nursery, and the children's imaginations ignite as they prepare for an adventure in Neverland. Wendy, along with her brothers, is enchanted by Peter's promise of flying and the magical world that awaits them. The opening sets the stage for a tale filled with whimsical characters, such as Tinker Bell, and introduces dark undertones through the presence of Captain Hook, foreshadowing the conflicts and trials that will unfold in their journey. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Barrie, J. M. (James Matthew), 1860-1937

Title: Peter Pan

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_and_Wendy

Note: See #22984 for an human-read audio version.

Note: Reading ease score: 89.7 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Credits: Duncan Research

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Fantasy literature

Subject: Peter Pan (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Never-Never Land (Imaginary place) -- Fiction

Subject: Pirates -- Fiction

Subject: Fairies -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 16

Release Date: Jun 25, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Feb 15, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 9430 downloads in the last 30 days.