The Beasts of Tarzan by Edgar Rice Burroughs

"The Beasts of Tarzan" by Edgar Rice Burroughs is a novel written during the early 20th century. The story continues the adventures of John Clayton, Lord Greystoke, better known as Tarzan of the Apes, as he faces new perils and struggles to protect his family from the machinations of his arch-enemy, Nikolas Rokoff. The plot delves into themes of survival, loyalty, and the primal instincts that reside within Tarzan, as he navigates...Read Moreboth the wilds of Africa and the treachery of human foes. At the start of the novel, readers are introduced to Tarzan living in London with his wife, Jane, and their infant son, Jack. However, peace is short-lived as it is revealed that Rokoff has escaped from prison, prompting Tarzan's urgent return to protect his family. In a harrowing turn of events, Jack is kidnapped with the assistance of deceitful servants, pushing Tarzan into an intense quest to rescue him. As he confronts relentless foes and navigates the dangers of the jungle, Tarzan reconnects with his primal instincts, ultimately showcasing the enduring struggle between his civilized existence and his wild heritage. The beginning of the story sets the stage for an action-packed narrative filled with suspense, adventure, and Tarzan's deep bond with the beasts of the wild. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Burroughs, Edgar Rice, 1875-1950

Title: The Beasts of Tarzan

Note: Reading ease score: 72.7 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Beasts_of_Tarzan

Credits: Judith Boss

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Tarzan (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Fantasy fiction

Subject: Jungle animals -- Fiction

Subject: Adventure stories

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 85

Release Date: Oct 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Jun 21, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 567 downloads in the last 30 days.