Anne of Avonlea by L. M. Montgomery

"Anne of Avonlea" by L. M. Montgomery is a novel written in the early 20th century. The book continues the story of Anne Shirley as she grows from a spirited orphan into a passionate schoolteacher navigating the complexities of adult life in Avonlea. Themes of friendship, community, and the trials of growing up are woven throughout Anne's experiences as she interacts with both familiar faces and new characters in her quaint rural...Read Moresetting. At the start of the story, we meet Anne, now sixteen, grappling with her aspirations of becoming an inspiring teacher while facing the challenges of her neighborhood, particularly with their irate new neighbor, Mr. Harrison. Anne's idealism often leads her into amusing troubles, like her encounter with a wayward cow that causes chaos in Mr. Harrison's oatfield. Through humorous exchanges and reflections on her teaching plans, Anne's character is further developed alongside budding subplots involving community improvement efforts and the introduction of new students in her classroom, including the boy Paul Irving, whom she immediately bonds with. The opening sets the stage for Anne's adventures as she embarks on this next chapter of her life, brimming with enthusiasm and charm. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Montgomery, L. M. (Lucy Maud), 1874-1942

Title: Anne of Avonlea

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_of_Avonlea

Note: Reading ease score: 82.8 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Credits: An Anonymous Volunteer and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Orphans -- Fiction

Subject: Islands -- Fiction

Subject: Teachers -- Fiction

Subject: Prince Edward Island -- History -- 20th century -- Fiction

Subject: Canada -- History -- 1914-1945 -- Fiction

Subject: Shirley, Anne (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 47

Release Date: Mar 8, 2006

Most Recently Updated: Sep 12, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 2811 downloads in the last 30 days.