Anne of the Island by L. M. Montgomery

"Anne of the Island" by L. M. Montgomery is a novel written during the early 20th century. The book chronicles the life and adventures of Anne Shirley as she transitions from her childhood in Avonlea to adulthood and college life at Redmond. In this installment, Anne's journey is marked by change and growth, highlighting her relationships with friends such as Gilbert Blythe, Diana Barry, and new acquaintances at college. The opening of...Read Morethe story sets the stage for these themes as Anne and her friend Diana reflect on the changes brought by the passage of time and the impending separation caused by Anne's departure for college. Amidst the poignant nostalgia, there are also elements of excitement and trepidation for what lies ahead. As they reminisce about shared memories and express their fears of loneliness, the narrative captures the bittersweet nature of growing up. Additionally, Anne’s encounter with Gilbert hints at the complexities of their evolving friendship. Overall, the beginning of the novel illustrates the intertwining of love, friendship, and the challenges of newfound independence, inviting readers to follow Anne's continuing journey. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Montgomery, L. M. (Lucy Maud), 1874-1942

Title: Anne of the Island

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_of_the_Island

Note: Reading ease score: 83.7 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Credits: Charles Keller and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Orphans -- Fiction

Subject: Prince Edward Island -- History -- 20th century -- Fiction

Subject: Interpersonal relations -- Fiction

Subject: Canada -- History -- 1914-1945 -- Fiction

Subject: Self-perception -- Fiction

Subject: Universities and colleges -- Fiction

Subject: Nova Scotia -- History -- 20th century -- Fiction

Subject: Shirley, Anne (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 51

Release Date: Mar 8, 2006

Most Recently Updated: Aug 27, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 3176 downloads in the last 30 days.