The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson

"The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" by Robert Louis Stevenson is a novella written during the late 19th century that delves into the duality of human nature and the struggle between good and evil. The narrative follows Mr. Utterson, a lawyer, as he investigates the mysterious relationship between his friend, Dr. Jekyll, and the sinister Mr. Hyde, uncovering dark secrets that test the boundaries of morality. At the start...Read Moreof the novella, we meet Mr. Utterson and his distant cousin, Mr. Enfield, who discuss a strange door that Enfield associates with a disturbing story about Hyde trampling a young girl and displaying an unsettling demeanor. Utterson becomes increasingly intrigued by Hyde, especially when he discovers that Hyde stands to inherit Jekyll's wealth upon the doctor's disappearance. The text evokes a sense of foreboding as Utterson grapples with his concerns for Jekyll's welfare while unraveling the enigma surrounding Hyde, whose appearance elicits an inexplicable sense of dread. As the tale unfolds, it sets the stage for a profound exploration of identity, shame, and the darker aspects of human behavior. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Stevenson, Robert Louis, 1850-1894

Title: The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde

Note: Reading ease score: 75.4 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strange_Case_of_Dr_Jekyll_and_Mr_Hyde

Credits: David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Science fiction

Subject: Horror tales

Subject: London (England) -- Fiction

Subject: Physicians -- Fiction

Subject: Psychological fiction

Subject: Self-experimentation in medicine -- Fiction

Subject: Multiple personality -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 43

Release Date: Jun 27, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Nov 9, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 32577 downloads in the last 30 days.