The Marvelous Land of Oz by L. Frank Baum

"The Marvelous Land of Oz" by L. Frank Baum is a fantasy novel written during the early 20th century, specifically in the early 1900s. The story serves as a sequel to "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" and follows the adventures of a young boy named Tip and his whimsical creation, Jack Pumpkinhead, as they navigate the enchanting and sometimes perilous Land of Oz. At the start of the novel, we meet Tip,...Read Morea boy living with an old woman named Mombi who practices questionable magic. Feeling trapped in her care, Tip decides to escape after learning that Mombi intends to transform him into a marble statue. He also creates Jack Pumpkinhead, a whimsical figure with a pumpkin for a head, to scare Mombi. However, when Mombi inadvertently brings Jack to life using a magical powder, Tip and Jack embark on a journey to seek the Scarecrow in the Emerald City—an adventure filled with amusing misunderstandings and the threat of an army of girls led by General Jinjur seeking to overthrow the Scarecrow. The opening chapters introduce readers to a world of wonder, mischief, and charm, setting the stage for a delightful tale. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Baum, L. Frank (Lyman Frank), 1856-1919

Illustrator: Neill, John R. (John Rea), 1877-1943

Title: The Marvelous Land of Oz

Note: Reading ease score: 79.8 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Marvelous_Land_of_Oz

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Oz (Imaginary place) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Fantasy literature

Subject: Conduct of life -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Friendship -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Voyages and travels -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Magic -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Practical jokes -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Youth -- Conduct of life -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Queens -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Kings and rulers -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Witches -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Women soldiers -- Juvenile fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 54

Release Date: Feb 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Apr 27, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 1847 downloads in the last 30 days.