The Scarlet Pimpernel by Baroness Emmuska Orczy Orczy

"The Scarlet Pimpernel" by Baroness Orczy is a historical novel written in the early 20th century. Set against the backdrop of the French Revolution, the story centers around a mysterious Englishman known as the Scarlet Pimpernel, who undertakes daring rescues of aristocrats from the grips of death at the guillotine. The protagonist's dual identity creates a tense atmosphere as he navigates the tumultuous political landscape, highlighting themes of bravery, loyalty, and sacrifice....Read MoreAt the start of the novel, the grim realities of the Reign of Terror in Paris are depicted. The atmosphere is charged with violence as the guillotine claims countless lives, and the bloodthirsty crowd eagerly anticipates the next execution. Sergeant Bibot, on guard at the barricades, takes pride in thwarting the escape attempts of fleeing aristocrats, while rumors swirl about a band of Englishmen whose leader, the enigmatic Scarlet Pimpernel, manages to outsmart the authorities and save victims from certain death. The narrative canvasses the fear and desperation of those on the run, as well as the zealous excitement of the citizens relishing their newfound power and vengeance, setting the stage for a gripping tale of heroism amidst chaos. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Orczy, Emmuska Orczy, Baroness, 1865-1947

Title: The Scarlet Pimpernel

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Scarlet_Pimpernel

Note: Reading ease score: 77.3 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Credits: Conway Yee and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Historical fiction

Subject: France -- History -- Revolution, 1789-1799 -- Fiction

Subject: Adventure stories

Subject: British -- France -- Fiction

Subject: Nobility -- Fiction

Subject: Blakeney, Percy, Sir (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 60

Release Date: Mar 8, 2006

Most Recently Updated: Sep 23, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 2323 downloads in the last 30 days.