From the Earth to the Moon; and, Round the Moon by Jules Verne

"From the Earth to the Moon; and, Round the Moon" by Jules Verne is a science fiction novel written during the late 19th century. The book explores the ambitious project of the Baltimore Gun Club, which aims to launch a projectile to the moon using advances in artillery science. The main character, Impey Barbicane, serves as the president of the Gun Club and drives the narrative as he proposes this grand experiment,...Read Moreigniting excitement and debate among members and the public. The opening of the book introduces the aftermath of the American Civil War, during which the Gun Club was founded, showcasing the members' skills in artillery invention and their dissatisfaction with a peacetime existence. As they languish in inactivity, Barbicane proposes the audacious idea of sending a projectile to the moon, appealing to both the club’s inventive spirit and the American public’s thirst for adventure. The ensuing excitement amongst the members sets the stage for a series of calculations and preparations that will follow, building anticipation for the ultimate test of human ingenuity and ambition. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Verne, Jules, 1828-1905

Title: From the Earth to the Moon; and, Round the Moon

Note: There is an improved edition of this title, eBook #44278

Note: Translation of: De la terre à la lune and Autour de la lune

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon

Note: Reading ease score: 70.0 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Language: English

LoC Class: PQ: Language and Literatures: Romance literatures: French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese

Subject: Science fiction

Subject: Space flight to the moon -- Fiction

Subject: Moon -- Fiction

Subject: Space ships -- Fiction

Subject: Manned space flight -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 83

Release Date: Sep 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Nov 24, 2023

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 797 downloads in the last 30 days.