The Fables of Aesop by Aesop

"The Fables of Aesop" by Aesop is a renowned collection of moral tales, often categorized as fables, written during the ancient era, particularly noted in the Greco-Roman period around the 6th century BC. This book, specifically retold and compiled by Joseph Jacobs in the late 19th century, features an array of short stories that often involve anthropomorphic animals and convey lessons about human behavior, ethics, and life lessons. The fables address universal...Read Moretruths and moral dilemmas, making them timeless tales that resonate across cultures and ages. The content of the book consists of a diverse range of stories, each delivering a moral lesson through engaging narratives. For instance, "The Tortoise and the Hare" emphasizes the value of perseverance over arrogance, while "The Fox and the Grapes" illustrates how people often belittle what they cannot obtain. Characters such as wise tortoises, cunning foxes, and naive hares populate these stories, each embodying distinct virtues or vices that serve as reflections on human nature. Through a mixture of humor, wisdom, and insights into human behavior, the fables encourage readers, both young and old, to contemplate the morals presented in their simple yet profound narratives. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Aesop, 621? BCE-565? BCE

Editor: Jacobs, Joseph, 1854-1916

Title: The Fables of Aesop Selected, Told Anew, and Their History Traced

Original Publication: Houston: Advantage International, The PaperLess Readers Club, 1992

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aesop%27s_Fables

Note: Reading ease score: 84.8 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Note: Planned as PG's second Aesop extext. See also comprehensive versions PG #21 tr. by George Fyler Townsend, PG #11339 tr. by V. S. Vernon Jones, and illustrated PG #18732 .

Contents: The cock and the pearl -- The wolf and the lamb -- The dog and the shadow -- The lion's share -- The wolf and the crane -- The man and the serpent -- The town mouse and the country mouse -- The fox and the crow -- The sick lion -- The ass and the lapdog -- The lion and the mouse -- The swallow and the other birds -- The frogs desiring a king -- The mountains in labour -- The hares and the frogs -- The wolf and the kid -- The woodman and the serpent -- The bald man and the fly -- The fox and the stork -- The fox and the mask -- The jay and the peacock -- The frog and the ox -- Androcles -- The bat, the birds, and the beasts -- The hart and the hunter -- The serpent and the file -- The man and the wood -- The dog and the wolf -- The belly and the members -- The hart in the ox-stall -- The fox and the grapes -- The horse, hunter, and stag -- The peacock and Juno -- The fox and the lion -- The lion and the statue -- The ant and the grasshopper -- The tree and the reed -- The fox and the cat -- The wolf in sheep's clothing -- The dog in the manger -- The man and the wooden god -- The fisher -- The shepherd's boy -- The young thief and his mother -- The man and his two wives -- The nurse and the wolf -- The tortoise and the birds -- The two crabs -- The ass in the lion's skin -- The two fellows and the bear -- The two pots -- The four oxen and the lion -- The fisher and the little fish -- Avaricious and envious -- The crow and the pitcher -- The man and the satyr -- The goose with the golden eggs -- The labourer and the nightingale -- The fox, the cock, and the dog -- The wind and the sun -- Hercules and the waggoner -- The man, the boy, and the donkey -- The miser and his gold -- The fox and the mosquitoes -- The fox without a tail -- The one-eyed doe -- Belling the cat -- The hare and the tortoise -- The old man and death -- The hare with many friends -- The lion in love -- The bundle of sticks -- The lion, the fox, and the beasts -- The ass's brains -- The eagle and the arrow -- The milkmaid and her pail -- The cat-maiden -- The horse and the ass -- The trumpeter taken prisoner -- The buffoon and the countryman -- The old woman and the wine-jar -- The fox and the goat.

Language: English

LoC Class: PA: Language and Literatures: Classical Languages and Literature

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Aesop's fables -- Adaptations

Subject: Fables, Greek -- Adaptations

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 28

Release Date: Mar 1, 1992

Most Recently Updated: Oct 25, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 1296 downloads in the last 30 days.