Anne of Green Gables by L. M. Montgomery

"Anne of Green Gables" by L. M. Montgomery is a classic novel written during the early 20th century. The story revolves around an imaginative and spirited young girl named Anne Shirley, who is mistakenly sent to live with two elderly siblings, Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert, at their farm, Green Gables, in Prince Edward Island. At the start of the narrative, we meet Mrs. Rachel Lynde, a keen observer of the town and...Read Moreits residents, who becomes intrigued by Matthew Cuthbert's unexpected departure. This sets off a chain of curiosity that introduces us to the quiet Cuthbert siblings and their surprising decision to adopt a child from an orphan asylum. The opening chapters detail Anne's arrival at Green Gables, her vivid imagination, and her longing for belonging, all while highlighting her distinct personality traits and quirks. The stage is set for her relationship with Marilla and Matthew to unfold, as well as the challenges and adventures that await Anne in her new home. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Montgomery, L. M. (Lucy Maud), 1874-1942

Title: Anne of Green Gables

Note: Reading ease score: 81.8 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_of_Green_Gables

Credits: David Widger and Charles Keller

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Orphans -- Fiction

Subject: Islands -- Fiction

Subject: Friendship -- Fiction

Subject: Bildungsromans

Subject: Girls -- Fiction

Subject: Country life -- Prince Edward Island -- Fiction

Subject: Prince Edward Island -- History -- 20th century -- Fiction

Subject: Canada -- History -- 1867-1914 -- Fiction

Subject: Shirley, Anne (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 45

Release Date: Jun 27, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Jan 22, 2025

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 14301 downloads in the last 30 days.