The Federalist Papers by Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison

"The Federalist Papers" by Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison is a collection of essays written in the late 18th century aimed at advocating for the ratification of the United States Constitution. This foundational work addresses the necessity of a strong federal government and outlines the dangers of factionalism and disunity among the states, emphasizing the benefit of a united political entity for the security and prosperity of the nation. The...Read Moreopening portion introduces the purpose of these essays, which is to persuade the citizens of New York to consider the proposed Constitution as a means to create a more effective and energetic government. Hamilton articulates the failures of the existing federal government and the urgent need for reform. He discusses the potential threats from both external and internal sources, pointing out the dire consequences that disunion could bring, including vulnerability to foreign influences and domestic factions. The tone is one of urgency, calling on the public to reflect deeply on the implications of their political choices and underlining the importance of adopting a cohesive framework to ensure liberty and order. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Hamilton, Alexander, 1757-1804

Author: Jay, John, 1745-1829

Author: Madison, James, 1751-1836

Title: The Federalist Papers

Note: Essays written 1787-88

Note: Reading ease score: 38.4 (College-level). Difficult to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Federalist_Papers

Language: English

LoC Class: JK: Political science: Political inst. and pub. Admin.: United States

LoC Class: KF: Law in general, Comparative and uniform law, Jurisprudence: United States

Subject: Constitutional history -- United States -- Sources

Subject: Constitutional law -- United States

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 18

Release Date: Aug 1, 1991

Most Recently Updated: Mar 27, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 997 downloads in the last 30 days.