A Christmas Carol in Prose; Being a Ghost Story of Christmas by Charles Dickens

"A Christmas Carol in Prose; Being a Ghost Story of Christmas" by Charles Dickens is a novella written in the early 19th century. The story centers around Ebenezer Scrooge, a miserly old man, who is transformed after being visited by the ghost of his deceased partner, Jacob Marley, and the spirits of Christmas Past, Present, and Yet to Come. The novella explores themes of redemption, compassion, and the true spirit of Christmas,...Read Moreemphasizing the importance of generosity and kindness. The opening of the story establishes Scrooge's character as cold-hearted and uncharitable, focusing heavily on his disdain for Christmas and his lack of empathy towards others. As the narrative begins, Marley's ghost visits him to warn Scrooge of the dire consequences of his selfishness, foreshadowing the transformative journey that will follow. Scrooge's interactions with his cheerful nephew and the charitable gentlemen seeking donations highlight his isolation and bitterness, setting the stage for the exploration of his past, present, and future through ghostly visitations. This initial setup creates a compelling contrast between Scrooge's grim reality and the joy of the festive season that others experience around him. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Dickens, Charles, 1812-1870

Illustrator: Leech, John, 1817-1864

Title: A Christmas Carol in Prose; Being a Ghost Story of Christmas

Note: Project Gutenberg has several editions of this eBook: #46 (Original First Edition Cover; 1843 Original Illustrations in Color by John Leech) #19337 (Published in 1905; Illustrations in Black and White by G. A. Williams) #24022 (Published in 1915; Illustrations in Black and White and Color by By Arthur Rackham) #30368 (First edition with original hand written pages; Black and White illustrations)

Note: Reading ease score: 80.0 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adaptations_of_A_Christmas_Carol

Credits: Jose Menendez and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Christmas stories

Subject: London (England) -- Fiction

Subject: Poor families -- Fiction

Subject: Ghost stories

Subject: Misers -- Fiction

Subject: Sick children -- Fiction

Subject: Scrooge, Ebenezer (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 46

Release Date: Aug 11, 2004

Most Recently Updated: Nov 13, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 15232 downloads in the last 30 days.