The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving

"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" by Washington Irving is a classic short story from the early 19th century, specifically during the Romantic era. This tale is a blend of folklore and ghost story that takes place in the mythical village of Sleepy Hollow, where supernatural occurrences and local legends intertwine within a vividly described rural setting. The narrative centers on themes of love, rivalry, and the collision of rational thought with superstition....Read MoreThe story primarily follows Ichabod Crane, a lanky schoolteacher who arrives in Sleepy Hollow to woo the beautiful Katrina Van Tassel, daughter of a wealthy farmer. However, he is met with competition from the burly Brom Bones, who is equally determined to win her affections. As Ichabod navigates his way through local superstitions and his own fear of the supernatural, he ultimately encounters the infamous Headless Horseman during a fateful ride home. The story culminates in a climactic chase that leads to Ichabod's mysterious disappearance. Through entertaining characters and a blend of humor and horror, Irving crafts a story that remains a beloved part of American literature, exploring themes of ambition, jealousy, and the power of legend. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Irving, Washington, 1783-1859

Title: The Legend of Sleepy Hollow

Note: Reading ease score: 52.8 (10th to 12th grade). Somewhat difficult to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Legend_of_Sleepy_Hollow

Credits: Ilana M. (Kingsley) Newby and Greg Newby

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Ghosts -- Fiction

Subject: New York (State) -- History -- 1775-1865 -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 41

Release Date: Jun 27, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Jun 27, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 11600 downloads in the last 30 days.