The Song of Hiawatha by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

"The Song of Hiawatha" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is a narrative poem written in the mid-19th century that draws on the legends and stories of various North American Indian tribes, particularly the Ojibway. The poem introduces readers to Hiawatha, a Native American hero, and his adventures that revolve around themes of nature, love, and the conflicts of his time. The opening chapters set the tone for a work that is rich in...Read Morelyrical detail and reflective of the cultural heritage being depicted. At the start of the poem, readers are introduced to the narrator, Nawadaha, who embarks on sharing tales of Hiawatha gathered from the landscapes and nature surrounding him. The narrative gives rise to the character of Hiawatha, describing his lineage, upbringing by his grandmother Nokomis, and the early lessons he learns about the world around him. Key moments include Hiawatha’s connection to the natural world, his encounters with various spirits, and the attributes that forge his identity as a hero. This opening portion not only establishes Hiawatha's character but also sets the mythical and pastoral atmosphere of the poem, which promises a journey through the spiritual and physical worlds of Native American life. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Longfellow, Henry Wadsworth, 1807-1882

Editor: Morris, Woodrow W.

Title: The Song of Hiawatha

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Song_of_Hiawatha

Note: Reading ease score: 66.3 (8th & 9th grade). Neither easy nor difficult to read.

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Indians of North America -- Poetry

Subject: Hiawatha, active 15th century -- Poetry

Subject: Iroquois Indians -- Kings and rulers -- Poetry

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 19

Release Date: Jun 1, 2004

Most Recently Updated: Aug 24, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 1085 downloads in the last 30 days.