The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum

"The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum is a classic children's novel written in the late 19th century. The story centers on a young girl named Dorothy, who lives on the Kansas prairies and is whisked away to the magical Land of Oz by a cyclone. Dorothy embarks on an adventure to find her way back home, encountering unique characters along the way, such as the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman,...Read Moreand the Cowardly Lion, each seeking something from the elusive wizard, Oz. The opening of the novel introduces Dorothy's life in Kansas, her loving but weary aunt and uncle, and a perilous cyclone that transports her to Oz. There, she discovers that her house has accidentally killed the Wicked Witch of the East, freeing the Munchkin people. In her quest to return home, she learns that she must seek the Great Oz in the Emerald City. As she sets off along the Yellow Brick Road, she meets the Scarecrow, who wishes for brains, and the Tin Woodman, who longs for a heart, highlighting key themes of friendship, courage, and the quest for self-discovery. With a blend of adventure and whimsy, this opening sets the stage for a journey filled with fantastical encounters and valuable life lessons. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Baum, L. Frank (Lyman Frank), 1856-1919

Title: The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz

Note: There is an improved edition of this title, eBook #43936

Note: Reading ease score: 86.6 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Language: English

LoC Class: PZ: Language and Literatures: Juvenile belles lettres

Subject: Oz (Imaginary place) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Fantasy literature

Subject: Courage -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Home -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Good and evil -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Dreams -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Gale, Dorothy (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Cowardly Lion (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Cyclones -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Scarecrow (Fictitious character from Baum) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Toto (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Witches -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Wizard of Oz (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction

Subject: Tin Woodman (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 55

Release Date: Feb 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Dec 29, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 13615 downloads in the last 30 days.