Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley

"Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus" by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley is a novel written in the early 19th century. The story explores themes of ambition, the quest for knowledge, and the consequences of man's hubris through the experiences of Victor Frankenstein and the monstrous creation of his own making. The opening of the book introduces Robert Walton, an ambitious explorer on a quest to discover new lands and knowledge in the icy regions...Read Moreof the Arctic. In his letters to his sister Margaret, he expresses both enthusiasm and the fear of isolation in his grand venture. As Walton's expedition progresses, he encounters a mysterious, emaciated stranger who has faced great suffering—furthering the intrigue of his narrative. This stranger ultimately reveals his tale of creation, loss, and the profound consequences of seeking knowledge that lies beyond human bounds. The narrative is set up in a manner that suggests a deep examination of the emotions and ethical dilemmas faced by those who dare to defy the natural order. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Shelley, Mary Wollstonecraft, 1797-1851

Title: Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus

Note: Reading ease score: 65.0 (8th & 9th grade). Neither easy nor difficult to read.

Note: Wikipedia page on this work: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankenstein

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankenstein

Note: There are improved editions of this title, eBook #41445 (1818 ed.) and #42324 (1831 ed.).

Credits: Judith Boss, Christy Phillips, Lynn Hanninen and David Meltzer. HTML version by Al Haines. Further corrections by Menno de Leeuw.

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Science fiction

Subject: Horror tales

Subject: Gothic fiction

Subject: Scientists -- Fiction

Subject: Monsters -- Fiction

Subject: Frankenstein, Victor (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Frankenstein's monster (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 84

Release Date: Oct 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Nov 5, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 144856 downloads in the last 30 days.