A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens

"A Tale of Two Cities" by Charles Dickens is a historical novel written in the mid-19th century. Set against the backdrop of the French Revolution, the story opens with an exploration of the social and political turmoil of the time, introducing key themes such as resurrection, sacrifice, and the dichotomy between oppression and liberty. The narrative begins with the character Mr. Jarvis Lorry's journey, who is on a mission to retrieve Dr....Read MoreAlexandre Manette, an imprisoned former physician, who has been "recalled to life" after years of suffering. The opening of the novel vividly depicts the contrasting conditions in England and France, emphasizing the hardships faced by common people. A detailed scene unfolds as Mr. Lorry, traveling on a Dover mail coach, encounters a mysterious messenger who brings him a message related to Dr. Manette. As Mr. Lorry arrives in Paris, we sense ominous undertones of the Revolution as Madame Defarge’s wine shop symbolizes the brewing discontent. The narrative hints at the challenges ahead as characters intertwine in a story of personal and political upheaval, setting the stage for the unfolding drama that explores the quest for justice in the face of tyranny. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Dickens, Charles, 1812-1870

Title: A Tale of Two Cities

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities

Note: Reading ease score: 78.2 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Credits: Judith Boss and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Historical fiction

Subject: France -- History -- Revolution, 1789-1799 -- Fiction

Subject: London (England) -- History -- 18th century -- Fiction

Subject: War stories

Subject: Executions and executioners -- Fiction

Subject: French -- England -- London -- Fiction

Subject: Lookalikes -- Fiction

Subject: British -- France -- Paris -- Fiction

Subject: Paris (France) -- History -- 1789-1799 -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 98

Release Date: Jan 1, 1994

Most Recently Updated: Mar 31, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 26512 downloads in the last 30 days.