Moby-Dick; or, The Whale by Herman Melville

"Moby-Dick; or, The Whale" by Herman Melville is a novel written in the mid-19th century. The book explores themes of obsession, vengeance, and humanity's relationship with nature through the experiences of its central character, Ishmael, who embarks on a whaling voyage aboard the Pequod, captained by the enigmatic and vengeful Ahab. The opening of "Moby-Dick" introduces Ishmael, who shares his existential musings and the reasons for his desire to go to sea....Read MoreHe portrays the bustling port city of New Bedford, highlighting the magnetic pull of the ocean on the hearts of men. As he prepares for his journey, Ishmael reflects on his own internal struggles and motivations, ultimately leading him to desire adventure in the whaling industry. He arrives in New Bedford, confronts the challenges of finding a place to stay, and has a rather amusing encounter with the landlord and an unexpected harpooneer, setting the stage for his subsequent adventures at sea. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Melville, Herman, 1819-1891

Title: Moby-Dick; or, The Whale

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moby-Dick

Note: Reading ease score: 73.4 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Note: Project Gutenberg eBook #15 is believed to have the highest quality of the three editions of this eBook in the Project Gutenberg collection. #2701 and #2489 are the others. In addition, there is a computer-generated audio eBook, #9147 , and a human audio performance, #28794 .

Credits: Eugene F. Irey

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Whaling -- Fiction

Subject: Sea stories

Subject: Psychological fiction

Subject: Ship captains -- Fiction

Subject: Adventure stories

Subject: Mentally ill -- Fiction

Subject: Ahab, Captain (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Whales -- Fiction

Subject: Whaling ships -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 15

Release Date: May 1, 1991

Most Recently Updated: Mar 6, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 1454 downloads in the last 30 days.