Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain

"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" by Mark Twain is a novel likely written in the late 19th century. The book explores the adventures of a young boy named Huckleberry Finn as he grapples with themes of freedom, morality, and societal expectations against the backdrop of the pre-Civil War American South. The narrative takes place as Huck escapes his restrictive life and embarks on a journey down the Mississippi River, where he encounters various...Read Morecharacters that challenge his understanding of right and wrong. The opening of the book introduces Huck Finn, the protagonist, reflecting on his life before the events of the story, specifically referencing his previous adventures with Tom Sawyer. Huck describes his uncomfortable life with the Widow Douglas, who is trying to civilize him, and informs the reader about his father's abusive behavior and his desire to escape. The groundwork is laid for his quest for freedom and individuality, as he is soon joined by Jim, a runaway slave, hinting at the deeper moral complexities that will unfold throughout their journey. The tone is light-hearted yet critical, establishing Huck's voice and his perspective on the absurdities of societal norms. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Twain, Mark, 1835-1910

Illustrator: Kemble, E. W. (Edward Windsor), 1861-1933

Title: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

Note: Reading ease score: 85.9 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page on this work: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn

Credits: David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Humorous stories

Subject: Bildungsromans

Subject: Boys -- Fiction

Subject: Male friendship -- Fiction

Subject: Adventure stories

Subject: Missouri -- Fiction

Subject: Race relations -- Fiction

Subject: Runaway children -- Fiction

Subject: Finn, Huckleberry (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Fugitive slaves -- Fiction

Subject: Mississippi River -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 76

Release Date: Jun 29, 2004

Most Recently Updated: Nov 16, 2023

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 29030 downloads in the last 30 days.