A Princess of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs

"A Princess of Mars" by Edgar Rice Burroughs is a science fiction novel written in the early 20th century. The story is set on Mars, known as Barsoom, where the protagonist, John Carter, an Earthman, finds himself after a mysterious series of events. He navigates the hostile Martian landscape, encounters strange creatures, and becomes embroiled in the conflicts of various Martian tribes, all while striving to protect the beautiful Martian princess, Dejah...Read MoreThoris. The opening of the book introduces John Carter as an enigmatic character who claims to have experienced death and resurrection. Reflecting on his past, he recounts his life as a Confederate soldier in America and his subsequent adventure in Mars' stunning and treacherous wilderness. As he begins his journey, he faces threats from Apaches and realizes he has been transported to another world, where his physical prowess is enhanced. The narrative sets the stage for action, adventure, and deeper exploration of Martian culture, putting John Carter at the center of a struggle that could change the fate of Barsoom, particularly in his quest to save Dejah Thoris from peril. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Burroughs, Edgar Rice, 1875-1950

Title: A Princess of Mars

Series Title: Barsoom series, 1

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Princess_of_Mars

Note: Reading ease score: 59.1 (10th to 12th grade). Somewhat difficult to read.

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Science fiction

Subject: Mars (Planet) -- Fiction

Subject: Princesses -- Fiction

Subject: Carter, John (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Dejah Thoris (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 62

Release Date: Apr 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Jan 12, 2025

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 2135 downloads in the last 30 days.