The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne

"The Scarlet Letter" by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a novel written in the mid-19th century. The story is set in Puritan Massachusetts and revolves around the themes of sin, punishment, and societal judgment. The main character, Hester Prynne, finds herself at the center of a moral crisis after bearing an illegitimate child, a consequence for which she is publicly shamed and forced to wear a scarlet letter 'A' as a symbol of her...Read Moreshame. The opening of the novel presents the grim setting of a prison door in a Puritan community, where a crowd gathers to witness the punishment of Hester Prynne. Described is the somber atmosphere filled with townspeople, particularly women, eager to judge and condemn Hester. As she emerges from the prison with her infant, she clutches the child tightly, showcasing both her defiance and vulnerability. The letter ‘A’ on her dress becomes a focal point, representing the complex interplay of sin and identity within the constraints of rigid societal constructs. As readers are introduced to the town's harsh attitudes, they are invited to reflect on themes of guilt, isolation, and the human spirit as Hester navigates her new reality. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Hawthorne, Nathaniel, 1804-1864

Title: The Scarlet Letter

Note: There is an improved edition of this title, eBook #25344

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Scarlet_Letter

Note: Reading ease score: 64.4 (8th & 9th grade). Neither easy nor difficult to read.

Credits: Dartmouth College

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Adultery -- Fiction

Subject: Historical fiction

Subject: Revenge -- Fiction

Subject: Psychological fiction

Subject: Married women -- Fiction

Subject: Clergy -- Fiction

Subject: Triangles (Interpersonal relations) -- Fiction

Subject: Illegitimate children -- Fiction

Subject: Women immigrants -- Fiction

Subject: Puritans -- Fiction

Subject: Boston (Mass.) -- History -- Colonial period, ca. 1600-1775 -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 33

Release Date: Jun 1, 1992

Most Recently Updated: May 13, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 2298 downloads in the last 30 days.