Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar by Edgar Rice Burroughs

"Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar" by Edgar Rice Burroughs is a novel written during the early 20th century, continuing the adventures of the iconic character Tarzan. The story unfolds in the rugged landscapes of the Congo and Opar, where Tarzan, the noble savage raised by apes, confronts various adversities and foes, including Lieutenant Albert Werper and the notorious Achmet Zek, as they plot to exploit the treasures of Opar while also...Read Morethreatening Tarzan’s loved ones. The opening portion introduces us to Lieutenant Albert Werper, who is deeply troubled by his past misdeeds and isolation in the Congo. After a violent confrontation with his captain, Werper flees into the jungle, where he encounters Achmet Zek, a cunning Arab leader. This early encounter sets the stage for a plot of betrayal and revenge, as Zek enlists Werper's help to capture Tarzan and ransom his wife, Jane. In juxtaposition, Tarzan is depicted in his primal form as he grapples with remnants of his civilized self and his inherent instincts, ultimately leading him towards adventures filled with danger, treasure, and the preservation of those he loves. As tensions arise, the opening hints at an intricate web of loyalties and conflicts that will define the journey ahead. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Burroughs, Edgar Rice, 1875-1950

Title: Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar

Note: Reading ease score: 74.8 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarzan_and_the_Jewels_of_Opar

Credits: Judith Boss

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Tarzan (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Fantasy fiction

Subject: Adventure stories

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 92

Release Date: Dec 1, 1993

Most Recently Updated: Jun 24, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 465 downloads in the last 30 days.