Ivanhoe: A Romance by Walter Scott

"Ivanhoe: A Romance" by Sir Walter Scott is a historical novel written in the early 19th century. Set during the reign of King Richard I, the story delves into the complexities of Anglo-Saxon and Norman relations in post-conquest England. The narrative follows Wilfred of Ivanhoe, a noble knight, as he contends with class struggles, honor, and love, alongside characters such as Cedric the Saxon and the lovely Rowena. The beginning of "Ivanhoe"...Read Moreintroduces the reader to the historical backdrop of England, highlighting the conflict between the Saxons and Normans following the Conquest. It sets the stage in a forest near Doncaster, where swineherd Gurth and the jester Wamba converse about their harsh lives as serfs under the oppressive Norman nobility. Their banter provides insights into the social hierarchy and the Saxons' resentment toward their conquerors. Both characters soon encounter a group of horsemen, including a monk and a Templar, who are seeking shelter at Cedric's estate, Rotherwood. This elegant build-up establishes the themes of class struggle and chivalric ideals that will weave throughout the tale. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Scott, Walter, 1771-1832

Title: Ivanhoe: A Romance

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivanhoe

Note: Reading ease score: 60.9 (8th & 9th grade). Neither easy nor difficult to read.

Credits: John P. Roberts, Jr. and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PR: Language and Literatures: English literature

Subject: Historical fiction

Subject: Knights and knighthood -- Fiction

Subject: Love stories

Subject: Triangles (Interpersonal relations) -- Fiction

Subject: Great Britain -- History -- Richard I, 1189-1199 -- Fiction

Subject: Jews -- England -- Fiction

Subject: Ivanhoe, Wilfred of, Sir (Fictitious character) -- Fiction

Subject: Anglo-Saxons -- Fiction

Subject: Normans -- Great Britain -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 82

Release Date: Jun 25, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Jun 4, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 2816 downloads in the last 30 days.