Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave by Douglass

"Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave" by Douglass is a historical account written in the mid-19th century. The book chronicles the life of Frederick Douglass, detailing his experiences as a slave and eventually a prominent abolitionist. It offers not only a personal testimony of the brutalities and inhumanities of slavery but also Douglass's journey towards freedom and his quest for education. The opening of the narrative provides an...Read Moreintimate perspective of Douglass's early life and the pain inflicted by the institution of slavery. He reflects on the uncertainty of his birth date, the cruel separation from his mother, and the horrific treatment he witnessed as a young slave. Douglass introduces readers to his first master, Captain Anthony, and describes the pervasive brutality of slavery through vivid recollections of witnessed violence and degradation. He emphasizes the emotional trauma caused by the slave system, including the stark reality of being regarded as property rather than a human being. This poignant introduction sets the stage for Douglass's courageous quest for literacy and freedom, compelling readers to engage with the profound injustices of his world. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Douglass, Frederick, 1818-1895

Title: Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narrative_of_the_Life_of_Frederick_Douglass

Note: Reading ease score: 76.9 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Credits: An Anonymous Volunteer and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: E300: History: America: Revolution to the Civil War (1783-1861)

Subject: Douglass, Frederick, 1818-1895

Subject: African American abolitionists -- Biography

Subject: Abolitionists -- United States -- Biography

Subject: Enslaved persons -- United States -- Biography

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 23

Release Date: Jan 12, 2006

Most Recently Updated: Feb 28, 2021

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 13735 downloads in the last 30 days.