A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Mark Twain

"A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" by Mark Twain is a novel written during the late 19th century. The narrative follows the experiences of an American mechanic named Hank Morgan, who, after a blow to the head, finds himself inexplicably transported to the court of King Arthur in the sixth century. In this realm of chivalry and mythical figures, Hank leverages his modern knowledge and American practicality to navigate the peculiarities...Read Moreof medieval life and challenge the customs of that time. The opening of the novel introduces us to the narrator who recounts an encounter with a mysterious stranger at Warwick Castle, hinting that the tale will blend historical elements with fantastical themes. The narrator’s subsequent reflections reveal his skepticism about kingly divine right and the legitimacy of medieval traditions. The stage is set for Hank Morgan's arrival in Camelot, where he quickly learns he has become a prisoner of Sir Kay, only to realize that he must either acclimate to or outsmart the old-world politics that surround him. With a burgeoning sense of self-importance and comedy, the narrative promises a humorous yet critical exploration of the contrasts between modern and medieval societal norms. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Twain, Mark, 1835-1910

Title: A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Connecticut_Yankee_in_King_Arthur%27s_Court

Note: Reading ease score: 75.7 (7th grade). Fairly easy to read.

Credits: David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Fantasy fiction

Subject: Satire

Subject: Knights and knighthood -- Fiction

Subject: Arthurian romances -- Adaptations

Subject: Time travel -- Fiction

Subject: Americans -- Great Britain -- Fiction

Subject: Kings and rulers -- Fiction

Subject: Britons -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 86

Release Date: Jul 7, 2004

Most Recently Updated: May 8, 2024

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 3230 downloads in the last 30 days.