The Song of the Lark by Willa Cather

"The Song of the Lark" by Willa Cather is a novel likely written in the early 20th century. The book explores the life and artistic journey of a young girl named Thea Kronborg as she navigates her family dynamics, her burgeoning talent in music, and the challenges of her small-town environment. The beginning of the novel introduces Dr. Howard Archie, a young physician in the small town of Moonstone, Colorado. He has...Read Morejust returned from a social game of pool and is drawn into an emergency involving the Kronborg family, particularly Thea, who is suffering from a severe illness. In this opening section, we see the relationships within the Kronborg family unfold, highlighting their struggles and triumphs. Thea's illness becomes a pivotal moment that brings the townsfolk together and sets the stage for her future aspirations in music as the narrative progresses. The dynamics between Thea and the characters around her, particularly Dr. Archie, hint at deeper themes of ambition and artistic expression that are likely to be explored throughout the rest of the novel. (This is an automatically generated summary.)Show Less

Author: Cather, Willa, 1873-1947

Title: The Song of the Lark

Note: Wikipedia page about this book: https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Song_of_the_Lark_(novel)

Note: Reading ease score: 82.5 (6th grade). Easy to read.

Credits: Judith Boss, Marvin Peterson and David Widger

Language: English

LoC Class: PS: Language and Literatures: American and Canadian literature

Subject: Musical fiction

Subject: Young women -- Fiction

Subject: Bildungsromans

Subject: Chicago (Ill.) -- Fiction

Subject: Swedish Americans -- Fiction

Subject: Colorado -- Fiction

Subject: Opera -- Fiction

Subject: Children of clergy -- Fiction

Subject: Women singers -- Fiction

Category: Text

EBook-No.: 44

Release Date: Jun 27, 2008

Most Recently Updated: Apr 29, 2022

Copyright Status: Public domain in the USA.

Downloads: 693 downloads in the last 30 days.